perf: Also mention THP in Redis and refactor how we are mentioning THP so far (#1771)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_disable-transparent-hugepage.adoc

[id="Disable_Transparent_Hugepage_{context}"]
= Disable Transparent Hugepage

Transparent Hugepage is a memory management technique used by the Linux kernel to reduce the overhead of using the Translation Lookaside Buffer (TLB) by using larger sized memory pages.
Due to databases having Sparse Memory Access patterns instead of Contiguous Memory access patterns, database workloads often perform poorly when Transparent Hugepage is enabled.

> To improve PostgreSQL or Redis performance, disable Transparent Hugepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve PostgreSQL and Redis performance, disable Transparent Hugepage.
```

> In deployments where the databases are running on a separate server(s), there may be a small benefit to using Transparent Hugepage on the {ProjectServer} only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In deployments where the databases are running on separate servers, there may be a small benefit to using Transparent Hugepage on the {ProjectServer} only.
```

According to IBM style guide, we should not add "(s)" to pluralize words or "s" for abbreviations.
